### Rose:
The highlight from the previous FOSS session, such as something you found particularly interesting. This could also be something you're excited to implement now.
I found the Notebook LM to be an interesting tool to summarize, organize, and analyze sources. I am looking forward to using this for analyzing policies and sources for my dissertation.  

### Bud: 
Something that you are looking forward to digging into deeper. This could also be ideas on how to apply concepts to your current or future research projects.
I look forward to expanding on the conversation of ethics and AI. The analogy that the train has already left the station regarding the use of AI makes sense but there should also be practices and policies put in place to ensure that we are using these tools ethically. 

### Thorn: 
Something that was challenging that could be worked on, such as anything that wasn't 100% clear and could be elaborated on. Any sticking points should be addressed here. Are there barriers that need to be overcome?
I am still having trouble understanding when and where I would need to use command lines in my career field. I think this will become clear to me once I am familiar with its use. 

## Partner Discussions

During the in-person Tuesday session, you will be paired with another fellow to get to know them and also discuss a FOSS topic. Please introduce yourself to your partner and briefly talk about your field of study and projects. 

For our first session, please discuss with your partner your thoughts on FOSS Intro to Open Science. Please use the Rose, Bud, Thorn prompts to spark discussion. 

Please give a brief summary of what you talked about. Did you learn anything from your partner regarding their research or a FOSS topic? Did you help your partner learn something they did not know? 

